.TH PAM_PARAM 8 "10/15/2016" "PAM Param module" "PAM Param module"
.SH NAME
pam_param \- PAM module for configurable LDAP account lookups
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pam_param.so
[\fBdebug\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This PAM module provides account service using configurable LDAP lookups.
It's designed to look up role-based permissions in LDAP. It will determine
DNs of the user and current host, then search for entries which have these
DNs in their attributes, e.g. member. It also allows defining a search for
super admin accounts which will have access to any host.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR debug
.RS
Print debugging information to \fBsyslog\fR(3).
.SH "MODULE TYPES PROVIDED"
Only \fBaccount\fR type is provided. Calling other modules will yield
\fBPAM_SERVICE_ERR\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
.TP
.BR PAM_SUCCESS
.RS
User is allowed to log in, because either:
.IP -
they are a member of super administrators group in LDAP; or
.IP -
the user and the host DNs are both members at least one object in LDAP.
.RE
.TP
.BR PAM_USER_UNKNOWN
Current username was not found in LDAP.
.TP
.BR PAM_AUTH_ERR
.RS
Authentication couldn't be performed for one of the following reasons:
.IP -
the module could not read or parse the configuration file;
.IP -
the module was unable to search LDAP;
.IP -
multiple objects matching the current username or hostname were found
in LDAP.
.RE
.TP
.BR PAM_PERM_DENIED
.RS
The user was found in LDAP, but is not permitted access this host.
.SH EXAMPLES
Todo
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBpam_param.ini\fR(5),
\fBpam.conf\fR(5),
\fBpam.d\fR(5),
\fBpam\fR(7)
